Hello, my name's Steve,
and I'm the Clinical Lead and Head
of Department for Psychological Services
here at the Hospice.
We are a group of talking therapists,
and we work with the patient,
family members, pre and post bereavement.
We have these beautiful counselling rooms
here on site,
but we can also work with you in your
home, and we can also do
online and telephone sessions.
We're here to provide that emotional
support and stability when you feel the
time is right for you to engage with us.
We leave it with you.
You can speak with our
colleagues on the IPU.
You can call in yourself.
You can also access us
via the community team.
But please reach out.
We're always here.
Services are available throughout
the week and also in the evenings.
Now it's time to move on.